credit where credit is due (#174)
mtazzari/galario: AUTHORS.rst

Comments, corrections and suggestions:
    - `Grant Kennedy <https://github.com/drgmk>`_
    - `Riccardo Pavesi <https://github.com/pavesiriccardo>`_

The initial development of |galario| was boosted by the GPU Hackathon at the TU Dresden in February 2016 thanks to two

> supportive mentors and the organizers TU Dresden, FZ Jülich, and the Oak Ridge Leadership Com- puting Facility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
supportive mentors and the organizers TU Dresden, FZ Jülich, and the Oak Ridge Leadership Computing Facility.
```
